---
layout: page
title: Experience
priority: 3
---

### Google
During the summer of 2016 I interned at Google, working with the Youtube Desktop
Testing team to improve testing infrastructre aiding in a frontend framework
transition.

### College of Computing

I worked for the College of Computing at Georgia Tech as a Career Ambassador.
This involves reviewing students' resumes, running mock interviews, and
developing curricula for improving students' career-preparedness.

### [Decision First Technologies](experience/dft)

I interned over the summer of 2015, building internal tooling and prototypes.

### Robotics and Intelligent Machines Lab

I worked as a research assistant with [Heni Ben
Amor](http://henibenamor.weebly.com/), who is now an assistant professor at
Arizona State. While working with him, I implemented a tool to connect to a
[dataglove](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wired_glove) and, in real time,
visualize and classify the pose of the user's hand.

The application, built in C++ and Java, used
[OpenSceneGraph](http://www.openscenegraph.org/) to visualize the motion and
connected to [WEKA](https://weka.wikispaces.com/) via the Java Native Interface,
allowing the tool to build a classifier and then classify hand poses in real
time once a trained classifier was provided. Heni used the code in a talk at
ICRA 2015.

### Circus Camp

During high-school summers, I worked as a Camp Counselor at [Circus
Camp](http://www.circuscamp.org/). As I worked my way from Counselor in
Training, to Jr. Counselor to Counselor, my responsibilities grew. I began
simply teaching juggling and unicycling to campers, but eventually could also
teach and spot acrobatics and aerial trapeze and silks. My other
responsibilities included checking equipment safety, inventory, setup, teardown,
keeping track of small rambunctious children, and entertaining them throughout
the day with improvisation, shows, and comedy.

At the camp, each week would end with a camp-wide show in which campers would
perform. I also helped design, plan, build props, and perform in these shows.
