---
layout: page
title: Involvement
priority: 5
---


### The Agency

[The Agency](https://github.com/gtagency) is the Undergraduate Automated
Intelligence Research club at Georgia Tech. We do various projects and teach
students concepts about AI and introduce them to both academic and industry
based aspects of the field. In general, we enjoy working on projects:

 - [A Tetris bot](https://github.com/gtagency/tetris-python)
 - [Graph visualization using simulated annealing](https://github.com/gtagency/graph-reduction)
 - [Autonomous Vehicles](https://github.com/gtagency/buzzmobile)

We also hold events and Tech Talks. As an officer, I do
[presentations](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0Bys9BGMJRUovS1RpWThwUUVXZnM&usp=sharing)
on various topics, from autonomous vehicles to developing n-grams.

I previously served as the secretary and currently serve as the External
Relations officer, as such I work with professors and companies and organize
talks and events to benefit the club.

### Undergraduate Council

Undergraduate Council is the College of Computing's version of SGA. I currently
serve as the Vice President, in which help facilitate communication between
student leaders and college staff, and I represent the staff to those
organization leaders. The Council approves new student organizations, solves
problems, and works to enrich the environment for students in the College of
Computing.

### FLAME

I serve as a mentor and advisor in the Freshman Leadership and Mentorship
Experience at the College of Computing. This is an organization that aims to
help incoming students adapt to the college experience and also give them
applicable skills that are not taught in the curriculum. We also host
nonacademic and social events. 

As part of my role, I will be giving an introductory talk on python for those
coming from a Matlab or Java background (from AP computer science) because many
of the later talks are written in python.

### HackGT

I volunteered with HackGT in both 2014 and 2015, helping to run the southeast's
largest collegiate hackathon. In 2014, I worked operations and stage managed the
closing ceremony. 

In 2015, in addition to stage managing and running the technical aspects of the
opening and closing ceremonies, I also assisted with technical and operations
aspects throughout the event, including setting up wifi, courting sponsors, and
various other responsibilities as needed.

In 2016 I joined HackGT as a member of the organizing committee, helping plan
and run operations for the entire event.
